fix(dropdowns): ensure focus is returned to menu trigger before calling `onChange` (#1930)
zendeskgarden/react-components: docs/migration.md

  - The `v8` version of `@zendeskgarden/react-dropdowns` is no longer maintained and is
    renamed to `@zendeskgarden/react-dropdowns.legacy` in `v9`
- `Menu`: value `auto` is no longer valid for the `fallbackPlacements` prop.
- `Menu`: new `restoreFocus` prop (default: `true`) returns focus to trigger
  after menu interaction. To keep the dropdown open on selection,

>   set `restoreFocus={false}` and manage focus manually.

Reviewer: Not sure I understand this. Wouldn't the `isExpanded` controlled prop be the mechanism for keeping the menu open?

Author: I was referring to cases when a users chooses to keep the menu open after selecting an item within an `ItemGroup` of type `checkbox`. This [demo](https://66e49e3720ee94778c2a11a5--zendeskgarden-react-containers.netlify.app/?path=/story/packages-menu--controlled-managed-focus) showcases this pattern. 

It probably makes more sense to rephrase it as such:

```
`Menu`: new `restoreFocus` prop (default: `true`) returns focus to trigger
  after menu interaction. If keeping the dropdown open on selection is required,
  set `restoreFocus={false}` and manage focus manually.
```

What do you think?

Reviewer: This still makes it sound like there is a causal relationship between keeping the menu open and setting `restoreFocus` to false.

> - `Menu`: value `auto` is no longer valid for the `fallbackPlacements` prop.
> - `Menu`: new `restoreFocus` prop (default: `true`) returns focus to trigger
>   after menu interaction. To keep the dropdown open on selection,
>   set `restoreFocus={false}` and manage focus manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Menu`
  - value `auto` is no longer valid for the `fallbackPlacements` prop.
  - new `restoreFocus` prop (default: `true`) returns focus to trigger
    after menu interaction. When menu expansion is controlled to allow
    multiple item selection, set `restoreFocus={false}` and manage trigger
    focus manually on close.
```

Author: Couldn't have wrote it better myself. Thank you! 💯
